Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines the general principles for the collection, use, and protection of personal data by Resta (hereinafter referred to as Resta. Resta   is committed to facilitating secure and transparent online delivery services to businesses of any type, including, pharmacy, bakery, restaurant, and others. Information about all of these can be found on our official website or by contacting us using the methods listed below. Resta  places great importance on safeguarding the privacy of Users' personal data. Personal data is considered any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, which allows the direct or indirect identification of that person. The organization reserves the right to modify any condition presented in this Privacy Policy without prior notice to the User.
1. Agreement on Personal Data Processing
1.1. The use of Resta app services implies acceptance of the User's agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy and its conditions for the processing of personal data/information.
2. Personal Data of Users Processed by Resta 
2.1. In this document, "User's Personal Data" is considered:
2.1.1. Personal data - Information provided by the User when registering (creating an account) or using the Services.
2.1.2. Data transferred automatically to Resta   - through the use of the User's terminal equipment, including IP address, cookie data, information about the User's browser (or other programs).
2.2. These provisions apply only to information developed during the use of Resta services. The Resta does not control and is not responsible for the processing of information by third-party websites.
2.3. The app does not verify the accuracy of the personal information provided by the User and does not have the opportunity to verify its accuracy. Therefore, the app assumes that the user provides truthful and accurate personal information.
2.4. The required data on the app includes:
1. First and last name,
2. Phone number,
3. Address
4. Information about bank cards (full name, card number).
2.5. We have organizational and technical processes and systems in place to protect your personal data. However, no electronic transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
2.6. Our organization does not accept unverified data entered by the user under any circumstances.
3. Purposes of processing user personal data:
Resta  collects and stores only those personal data that are necessary for the provision of Services or the fulfillment of contractual obligations with Users, except in cases where the law requires the mandatory retention of personal information within the framework of the law-established deadlines. We process your provided information to deliver our services, improve and manage them, communicate with you, comply with security and safety requirements, and meet the requirements of the law:
Payment data. We may collect data necessary for processing your payment and confirming it, for example, if you are making purchases, your payment card number and the security code associated with your card. All payment data is protected by ArCa Card CJSC, Telcell CJSC, and Idram LLC. You can find their privacy policies here:
https://cabinet.arca.am/en/privacy-policy,
https://blog.telcell.am/privacy-policy-2/, https://money.idram.am/EN/documents/cardprivacy.htm
4. Terms of Payment, Return, and Non-Cancellation:
Terms of Payment: Payments are made through non-cash methods. This means that you make payments using a card or other payment systems (Idram, TelCell, etc.) by filling in the necessary fields, which will be displayed on the app. During the time of monetary transfers, technical difficulties may arise, in which case you can contact our specialists using one of the methods mentioned below.
Package activation occurs immediately after payment. Starting from the moment of activation, depending on the selected package, there is a fixed period during which the User can use the packages.
If the validity period of the package is expired, the provided services will be suspended until the payment is made.
Return Terms: Once the packages are activated, they cannot be returned, but it is possible to suspend the package by contacting us, and then reactivate it according to the terms of reactivation.
Non-Cancellation Terms: In case of package cancellation, a monetary return is not possible.
5. Purchases and Service Terms Modifications:
The prices and service terms presented on the app are maintained accurately. However, in some cases, modifications to purchases and terms are possible. Modifications to packages are also possible.
Resta reserves the right to modify the prices of packages without any prior notice at any time.
